<h1>ThrowBack</h1>
<p>So I'll keep it simple. I'll try to keep my posts as simple as i can, I'm going to go all in.<p/>
I was wondering these many days despite trying hard, why am I getting rejected. 
I tried xold emailing, applying through portals, taking help of network and much more. 
I had to answer myself one thing, is there something special that other people can't do it that i can or other people dont have that i do.
Maybe not. I may be skilled but I need to outsmart, tho i'm not interested in a 9-5 or internships, I need some income to fund my own startup as I'm broke and have no money to atleast take my site online.

<br>

<h1>What Next?</h1>
I tried talking to people online, and a wise man said <h3>Are You Undeniable?</h3>
What does that mean?
Just need to find it myself. I have no clue and I'm here writing out and trying to figure it out.
Although I'm frustrated with my self research which doesn't have any direction, I just need to find my way, as long as there's existing, the light is going to strike the earth.

I read it in a very old book from the 90's <h4>The art of war</h4>, <h4> " LET YOUR PLANS BE DARK AND IMPENETRABLE AS NIGHT AND WHEN YOU MOVE, FALL LIKE A THUNDERBOLT " </h4>

Despite failing, I'm gonna try again with a deadline, probably in a month, by the end of this month I need to find an opportunity.
Bet I'm going to. So I decided to document the journey, and this journaling is fun, it helps me deal with anxiety.

<br>
<h2>To-do</h2>
 - <i>Build something and ship it</i>
 - <i>Scale it to 100 users at first</i>
 - <i>Send cold emails again</i>
 - <i>Fall like a bolt :)</i>
